Added information on how to create a Documentation Catalogue. (#1165)
swiftlang/swift-docc: Sources/docc/DocCDocumentation.docc/documenting-a-swift-framework-or-package.md

> Important: To use a documentation catalog in a Swift package, make sure the 
manifest's Swift tools version is set to `5.5` or later. 

### Creating a Documentation Catalog

> To create a documentation catalog in your package, create a folder with the extension `.docc`. Documentation catalogs are associated with a target within your package an must reside within that target's `Sources` folder.

Reviewer: I feel like the information in the first sentence would be better to include at [the first mention of a documentation catalog in this file](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-docc/pull/1165/files#diff-a6485fcf1b78e229868f63ed60af9bb2d1bb3f9ffd918c289d60c19493b03348L48-L50). Perhaps something like (addition in bold).

> When you want to provide additional content or customize the organization of symbols, use a documentation catalog **(a directory with a '.docc' extension)**.

Reviewer: The second sentence is correct in the common case but Swift package targets also [support other paths](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/packagedescription/target/path) for a target's sources and the developer can specify a completely custom path in their package manifest via [the `path` parameter](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/packagedescription/target/target(name:dependencies:path:exclude:sources:publicheaderspath:)#parameters).

An alternative spelling that would cover all of those cases could be for example (modification in bold):

> Documentation catalogs are associated with a target within your package an must reside **in the same directory as the target's other source files**.

Assuming that it's already explained above what a documentation catalog is (a directory with a specific extension), then I feel information this can be further simplified (new modifications in bold, previous in italics):

> To **associate** a documentation catalog **with a target in your package, add the catalog** _to the same directory as the target's other source files_.

It's possible that developers don't know where that is, so we can list that at the end (new modifications in bold, previous in italics):

> To _associate_ a documentation catalog _with a target in your package, add the catalog to the same directory as the target's other source files_ **(`[PackageRoot]/Sources/[TargetName]` by default)**.

With those changes I don't know if I feel like the this sentence needs to have its own section anymore. 

```suggestion
To associate a documentation catalog with a target in your package, add the catalog to the same directory as the target's other source files (`[PackageRoot]/Sources/[TargetName]` by default).
```

It might also be worth repeating the file extension here (but shorter):

```suggestion
To associate a documentation catalog ('.docc' directory) with a target in your package, add the catalog to the same directory as the target's other source files (`[PackageRoot]/Sources/[TargetName]` by default).
```
